Store-gateway: cache chunks ranges (#4227)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/reference-configuration-parameters/index.md

    # CLI flag: -blocks-storage.bucket-store.chunks-cache.subrange-ttl
    [subrange_ttl: <duration> | default = 24h]

    # (experimental) Enable fine-grained caching of chunks in the store-gateway.

>     # This should reduce the required bandwidth and memory utilization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # This reduces the required bandwidth and memory utilization.
```
